Fixed GPU documentation for HF pipelines (#602)
huggingface/optimum: docs/source/onnxruntime/usage_guides/gpu.mdx

```

> The model can then be used with the common 🤗 Transformers API for inference and evaluation, such as [pipelines](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/onnxruntime/usage_guides/pipelines):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model can then be used with the common 🤗 Transformers API for inference and evaluation, such as [pipelines](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/onnxruntime/usage_guides/pipelines).
```

> Note that Transformers pipeline expects it to be initialized with device for GPU accelerated execution as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Transformers pipeline, note that the `device` argument should be set to perform pre- and post-processing on GPU.
```
